The acclimation process has to be done with a direct connection to the QuadDAC, with a 24bit Hi-Res music player using wired headphones. I recommend using the treble version of Lemon Drop Hi-Res to burn in the QuadDAC, then you can go back to bass+. I recommend using Poweramp to burn in the QuadDAC. You can get a 14 day trial. For Poweramp setup instructions see How_can_I_get_the_best_audio_out_of_the_Lemon_Drop_Hi-Res? Because the QuadDAC has been messed up for 7+ years and has never ran in True Native Mode before, the DAC will need some burn in time, before we will be able to hear what True Native Mode can sound like. The volume levels are not what's going to wake up the QuadDAC, but the amount of work the DAC has to do, such as the amount of bass and treble it has to produce. A volume level around 40 to 50 should be sufficient. I recommend using the Poweramp profile HIFIMAN RE600. The settings in Poweramp of bass 30% and treble 50% should be a good starting point. I recommend using this album to burn in the DAC, Reputation by: Taylor Swift. Then after awhile or when you think the DAC is not improving, turn up the bass and treble by 5%, then increase tell you get to bass 55% to treble 75%. If the DAC is getting to loud for you, turn down your volume. We want to tell the QuadDAC to wake up!!!

Note: Your welcome to take your headphones off for the burn in process. I have no idea how long to do this for, this has never been done before in history to my knowledge. I guess tell the left channel sounds good. Also after the DAC is acclimated on v160.1, I do not recommend downgrading to any previous version of Lemon Drop Hi-Res. They all have that bug I was talking about.

Update: My DAC is running in True Native Mode now, my DAC just woke up it’s alive!! The audio is so amazing, I had no idea a QuadDAC could sound like this in my life. Okay so this is what I did, I let it play for 2 hrs then stopped, then gave it another try for a total of three times 2 hrs each time. Took about 6 hrs total of playing Taylor Swift and slowly increasing bass and treble by 5% each time. Most of the time I just took my headphones off and let it play through all the songs from Taylor Swift then started the album over again. I was playing Delicate, volume level 45 and bass 55% and treble 75% when the DAC just woke up. After your DAC is awake play Taylor Swift for another 10 minutes then give the DAC a rest for about an hr. Then you want to play some music with a LOT of treble, like Metallica black album. At volume level 45, bass 55% and treble 75%. If the music is to loud for you, it may be with all 4 DACs running, then lower the preamp in Poweramp. This should not take as long as the above process, because the DAC with the bass is already awake, thanks to Taylor Swift. The amount of time to burn in the two DACs on treble is still unknown. I have two DACs producing nothing but treble, so the music should get twice as loud when both DACs on treble are working. I chose Metallica black album, because what DAC would not want to wake up to Enter Sandman? Just keep at it guys, it's so worth it. I have never heard anything like this in my entire life!!! My Lgv20 now has the best audio quality of any phone in the world!!!

Second update: Okay now both DACs on treble are working now on my Lgv20. I played the Metallica black album about 1 hr and then gave the DAC a rest. At around the 2 hr mark, one DAC woke up that is on treble I could tell. Then around the 2 or 3 hr mark the other DAC on treble just woke up. Just keep at it we will get this QuadDAC running at 100% True Native Mode. This is not the final DAC, we have one more DAC to wake up. Now all we have to wait is tell the DAC that is on mid-range wakes up. I don't have any ideas how to wake up mid-range. I guess just rock out everyone and have fun!!!

Third update: The mid-range DAC just woke up. When the volume of the music is louder and you did not turn up volume, and you start to hear sounds in your music that you have never heard before, that would be the mid-range. I was playing The Loveliest Time by: Carly Rae Jepsen when it happened. Volume was 45, bass 45% and treble 60% with the preamp lowered to -1.7. Words can even start to describe the audio quality.

Thank you so much Taylor Swift and Carly Rae Jepsen , I love you both!!!
